“If anything can go wrong, it will” — Finagle's Law (of Dynamic Negatives)
“If there are two or more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then someone will do it” — Murphy's Law
“Nothing is as easy as it looks” — Murphy's Corollary
“Everything takes longer than you think” — Murphy's Corollary
“If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong” — Murphy's Corollary
“If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then” — Murphy's Corollary
“If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will promptly develop” — Murphy's Corollary
“Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse” — Murphy's Corollary
“If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something” — Murphy's Corollary
“Nature always sides with the hidden flaw” — Murphy's Corollary
“It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious” — Murphy's Corollary
“Every solution breeds new problems” — Murphy's Corollary
“Wow! They've got the internet on computers now!” — Homer Simpson 
“D'oh!!!” — Homer Simpson 
“I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, there's no way you can prove anything!” — Bart Simpson 
“Don't have a cow, man.” — Bart Simpson 
“My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.” — J. Paul Getty 
“If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.” — J. Paul Getty 
“Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.” — Albert Einstein 
“Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.” — Albert Einstein 
“In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.” — Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut 
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” — Thomas Jefferson 
“Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.” — Yoda 
“The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.” — Salvador Dali 
“Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.” — Napoleon Bonaparte 
“If you are going through hell, keep going.” — Sir Winston Churchill 
“Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.” — Oscar Wilde 
“Facts are the enemy of truth.” — Don Quixote 
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” — Thomas Edison 
“When you exclude the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.” — Sherlock Holmes 
“Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth.” — Sherlock Holmes 
“You see, but you do not observe.” — Sherlock Holmes 
“Black holes are where God divided by zero.” — Steven Wright 
“Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.” — Jimi Hendrix 
“A witty saying proves nothing.” — Voltaire 
“I'll sleep when I'm dead.” — Warren Zevon 
“Live fast, die young, leave a good-looking corpse.” — Nick Romano, "Knock on Any Door" 
“Always look on the bright side of life, ta dum, ta dum.” — Monthy Python, "The Life of Brian" 
“Do you feel lucky, punk?” — Dirty Harry 
“Did you know that ‘if’ is the middle word in life?” — Apocalypse Now 
“Never underestimate the power of denial.” — American Beauty 
“Everything in life can, in one way or another, be related back to an episode of Seinfeld.” — Universal Seinfeld Theorem 
“Life is simple... it's people that complicate it!!!” — Anonymous 
“We complicate things that are simple for no rational purpose that I can imagine.” — Anonymous 
“It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.” — Samwise Gamgee 
“You could be gone in a blink! You really have nothing to lose.” — Dustin Curtis
